#summary How to configure the appearance


With version .05, it is now possible to configure the appearance of the program.  The configuration information is stored in /Applications/TiVoRemote.app/remote.xml.

There are four parts of this file, *connections, *functions*, *sections*, and *pages*.  There isn't too much that can be done with the first two (although if you want to create new buttons, adding entries to *functions* would be useful), but the last two offer a lot of possibilities for controlling the layout.

= sections =

*sections* are an abstraction for a subset of the elements of a page.  It is often useful to share common buttons across different pages, having the button information in a shared section will help keeping the pages in sync.  Sections do not need to define any specific location for which they apply.  Two sections can share space like spaces on a checkerboard.

*sections* are a collection of *buttons*.

== buttons ==

*buttons* define the buttons that will appear on the screen.
* function -- This determines what action will be performed when the button is pressed.  The function must map to a previously defined function in *functions*.
* connection -- The connection (maps to a connection defined in *connections*) that the button should apply to.
* title -- The text that will appear on the button.
* icon -- The image that will be displayed for the button.  The dimensions of the icon will determine the size of the button (no scaling takes place).  The same image will be displayed when the button is not pressed, and when it is pressed.
* xCoord -- The x coordinate for where the icon will be drawn.  (These are pixel coordinates. 0 - 320).  (This is the left edge of the icon.)
* yCoord -- The y coordinate for where the icon will be drawn.  (These are pixel coordinates.  0 - 412?).  (This is the top edge of the icon.)
* confirm -- If the button has the potential of causing problems when accidentally pressed, including this field will display this message in a dialog box before executing the command.
* tag -- This is presently only used when determining if a button should be displayed when the "Show Standby" option is selected.  


= pages =

In the simplest terms, a page is a collection of *sections*.  A page also has some other information, like a title (which is used for labeling the left navbar button), and a button (which is the button that appears on the navbar.  Unfortunately, this navbar button doesn't update when pages change).  The order of sections for a page does not matter.  

*pages* is an array of 'dict's.  The user will be able to scroll between each of the pages.
The following keys are expected to be defined for each of the pages.
* title -- The title of the page.  A string.
* sections -- An array of the sections that make up this page.
* button -- The button that will appear on the navigation bar.